yes
very good friends this is a plane of a
power source for a car radio
first of all let's start from the
entrance that is attention the entrance
current attention
that we have from this outlet
we have and we see here we have put
possible in the entry to protect and
a switch to turn off and turn on the
people then we have here current
alternate 220
a 4 amp transformer
Y
then we have another coil in the output
secondary
It is a full band transformer
pulling out of the center
a negative point a center point or
neutral of the two extremes we have
the voltages of 12 volts
and then we have here the diodes these two
are those that are going to rectify the
alternating current
from alternating current to current
then continue from the diode in
forward we already have current
and rectified the current is continuous
then here and we have ratified and
then we also have the capacitor or
the filter that will filter that current
since the diodes have rectified
then from this point I
We have purified direct current
for our car radio a voltage of 12
volts
that will serve to make work a
team one a car radio or any
another device that works with this
12 volt voltage
so it is important to know the
functions of each of them because of
this way we are going to realize
we are doing and how are we going to use it
then first we have fuse of
entry we have a switch or a
switch off for the source
when this is paid, there is no longer
current and then we have and here in the
output also another switch for
feed the output and we have put
just in case a fuse also to the
exit for any problem
to a short that there could be in
the team or another
moments suddenly these two peoples are
hit that was going to happen this motive is going
to burn then it automatically goes to
protect your equipment and also the source
this fine chain output we have a
switch to protect the entire source of
power then friends
this is a simple diagram a diagram
that you can use yourself can do
at home in your home and you can
practice and you can do it and use
so
how is 2013 thanks
and I invite you too
to participate
reporting giving some concern or
any
need they want to report will be
until next time